A dinner / lunch on Fri would work for me.
A meeting has been scheduled on 3/16 with the California Fish and Game to discuss the following issues
A meeting is being scheduled so we can discuss these matters further.
A reminder: 900am Monday, my office.
Actually, you could set the priorities for us.
After reviewing your presentation, here are some tough questions that we can discuss tomorrow:
After your review we can make the necessary changes and modifications.
Alison, better send me what you have via fed-x or fax (505) 627-8172.
Also , we need to talk about the weekend of 01/12 .
Also I have some reading for you tonight - The Skiliing Story is all over the Gas Market.
Also how fast does this machine get to.
Also want to talk about your voicemail last night--i.e., I may need to travel with KL, which is fine by me if that's necessary.
Also, I need to know the nature of the confidential information you are discussing so we can protect the information being discussed.
Also, I'd love to talk to you this weekend if possible about Prentice's bday festivities.
Also, do you know if Skipper is planning to attend.
Also, for persons over 40 who are signing waivers, we must provide them with the census data about persons under 40/over 40 who were offered a package, as well as their title and age.
Also, give Lance a call and get on his schedule.
Also, if you ever need to send transport contracts to Houston, its best to send it to Sylvia Campos.
Also, looks like we're on for Portland next Tuesday/Wednesday.
Also, please check the volumes.
Also, please come join us Thursday, March 22 for a webinar hosted by John Boyer - the creator of Skedi.
Also, please forward to me what I owe you for the plane flight and golf and our share of dinners, drinks, guacamole, etc.
Also, please have the new transport index positions at Socal that we are booking tomorrow included in the new KRS column in the physindex tab.
Also, please include information on any choices or extras available.
Also, please let Lisa Bills know where we will be meeting, as she is planning on coming late to the meeting.
Also, please make sure to add Vicki Sharpe and Michael Smith of EES on the list, too.
Also, please send me a copy of the complete response to the RFP, assuming you have that.
Also, please set up a meeting for you and me with Phillippe Bibi to discuss getting help from IT to implement our plan.
Also, please tell Jeff A. that I'm still doing reconnaissance on smart types to join your group.
Also, should we set a time schedule?
Also, there is a status meeting at 10:00 today -- I don't know if you got message, but I hope you can participate by phone.
Also, will you please send me the latest version of the Central curve mappings.
Alternatively, we can delay the conversation till next week.
An e-mail or voicemail on major developments as they occur would be helpful.
And I like to discuss further the points you were making on the call.
And I would do it on a 2 day lag like this, today is the 9th, give him the balance for the 7th.
And do you folks have a copy of the Peace letter (treatise) sent to FERC last week?
And get on the call with Paul.
And if things work out, please consider a meeting with me to talk about a job.
And let me know what you think of it.
And please email me rest of expenses when you get a chance so I can write you a check for everything (plane,phone, golf, etc., etc.)
And schedule some time for me to meet with him on Thursday as well.
And should I see if Scott and/or Donald want to attend?
And to be an even bigger pain.....since my schedule's a disaster with school coming to a close, could you stick the check in the mail?
And we need some more details (in addition to what Jim did) if possible.
And we would love for Mr. Lay to stay for dinner - is this doable?
And why would you explode jars of paint?
And will you call me?
And, yes, we'll get both you and Phil on Stan's calendar to go over the Operations Alliances topic...I will await their call to schedule.
Andrea, would it be possible to update our list to show the current progress on the "30 days" items?
Any chance of finalizing the California tariff Monday morning (have a call, say, 7:30/8:00 AM PDT)?
Any chance of getting a slight delay (say until next Wednesday or Thursday) to complete them?
Any chance of getting together with both of you?
Any data you can provide will be helpful.
Any first class upgrades available?
Any help you can give Kevin would be much appreciated.
Any help you can give me in setting up training w/ someone that will be able to answer our questions is greatly appreciated.
Any other follow-info from last Tuesday'Wednesday's meeting that I should be aware of?
Any suggestions on how I can check in and see how progress is going?
Anytime you want to go to lunch to check on the house status, I'd be glad to go...
Anyway to discuss between now and Monday, or do we want to just take Dylan up on his offer?
Anyway, I hope you'll still comment on the presentation, and I'm glad that you've agreed to do part of it on Thursday.
Anyway, would you be able to come down for lunch on Friday?
Apologies for asking, but something has come up and I wanted to inquire about the chances of taking the E203 final on a day other than Sunday the 10th of December.
Are folks available for a call tomorrow at 9 AM to begin preparing for the meeting with Sempra next week?
Are more available?
Are there alternative liquid markets available that might have better pricing?
Are there any issues from your point of view?
Are there any local law issues with respect to performance or interpretation of the contracts?
Are there other presentations that would useful to look at in preparation for the talk?
Are we still holding Wednesday, June 27, for the ETS Associate and Analyst Mid-Year 2001 PRC?
Are you available first thing Monday morning to be briefed on the analysis, my conversations with Hertzberg, what Hertzberg's strategy is, etc.?
Are you available for a conference call with David Hunt and me tomorrow?
Are you available that date?
Are you available to speak with me for a few minutes sometime this week?
Are you available tomorow to discuss further?
Are you available?
Are you still available Weds or Thurs a.m.
As for meeting with Herman, should J Keenan be included as well?
As it is a strange and unfamiliar ground for some of us, I thought it appropriate to invite you, on behalf of my brothers, Mohamed and Abdullah, and myself, for a small closed cocktail reception Xenel is holding on Thursday, 31st January at Waldorf Towers between 7.00 pm and 9.45 pm to meet with you to exchange views early on the session.
As it is impossible for Dr Lay to participate at the Preparatory Meeting, we would be most grateful if you could nominate a delegate as well as send us his preliminary ideas on interesting issues and panellists for the programme.
As new issues come up, please copy Mark Taylor.
As we spoke I got scheduled for a 2:30 too, so how about 3:30 tomorrow?
As well, I would suggest we start discussions with Reeding & Bates which according to both Redmond and Thompson is a live deal.
As you confirm meetings with Mr. Lay next week, could you drop a line to Maureen, Janel and me?
Ashley and I were looking forward to going out to dinner with you guys on Saturday.
Ask Joseph to reserve the large conference room.
At 6:30 tomorrow, please plan on meeting Lyn Maddox, Tom Boren, Chris Iribe and Tom King at 6:30 Ruth Chris Steak House (301/652-7877) 7317 Wisconsin Ave., Bethesda.
At your leisure and prior to the November OCD meeting, prepare a memo to file of the resaons and justification based upon the report results and data why Eunice is not the bad guy in this and why Texaco is.
Attached please find the final presentation for the board meeting tommorrow.
Ben Jacoby is having an offsite Friday at the Hyatt for the East Development group to discuss 2001.
Ben wants to know if you, Marissa and Carolyn are available for lunch tomorrow at 1130.
Ben, are you available at 9am on Monday re ABB?
Ben, please discuss with Dave Duran - he will be responsible for our coal generation strategy.
Ben, there should be a standard form for this -- check with Candace.
Big Mack,,,, Just give me call when you are coming down for the DUKE interview ..... Our Department head wants to go out to lunch with you ...... casual lunch type thing.... they were very impressed with your resume!
Bill, can you set up a meeting to discuss credit issues.
Bob - Please check with Vance on this deal.
Bob, there also are legal issues to address, so I appreciate your keeping me in the loop as this evolves.
Bowen called, and unless he has to schedule a call with a judge from Texas at the same time, we're on for 9:30 AM.
Brett, can you give me the particulars on the four MEH turbines (ie) scheduled delivery, price, fuel options, heat rate, output,etc - including transferablility to NA.
Bruce: I am tied up for lunch, but let's get together during the day on Monday or Tuesday.
But Rory (who by the way is responsible for this mess!) now has decided that he'd like to do a Xmas make up on the 29th, which is smack dab in the middle of when we'll be up at the dome (tween xmas and new year's--hopefully you and eldon will join us so we can kick yer butts in spades).
But given the nature and length of the meeting, this probably doesn't make sense - please let me know what you think.
But might be useful to discuss tomorrow when you return.
But need to know if it's good as is or needs some tweeking.
But what does brand building consist of, and how do you go about doing it effectively and efficiently?
But, if anything should happen, you could leave me a voicemail at home and I will check it once every hour after 1:00 PM on Friday.
CPage: Would you please forward this directly to Pat?
Call being scheduled for Wednesday it appears.
Call me on Monday to discuss the Enron Online download.
Call me on Saturday 713-661-6096
Call me on my cell, or page me after you meeting this afternoon and let's discuss.
Call me so that we can discuss.
Call me to discuss.
Call me tonight and I'll give you all the gory details.
Call me when you get a chance.
Call me when you get home.
Call me when you get in on sat.
Call whenever you'd like to discuss the call (that Palmer forgot to tell you about).
Can I catch a cab and get to the Woodlands by 1? Otherwise, I'll come out the night before.
Can I get the daily Data going back to Apr 98?
Can I get you more resources to cover the market more aggresively?
Can I please extend the 45 million var and the contracts in the power book until the Board meeting on October 11th.
Can anyone tell me what it means?
Can both of you forward the telluride pictures to me so I can get them developed?
Can set up a conference call with me and Remi Cologne in Brazil this week.
Can we discuss this - I can be reached at the numbers below?
Can we invite him (the son, not the professor) to a Super Saturday?
Can we invite them to the dinner on the 18th and to the meetings on Friday?
Can we meet to talk about it on Monday?
Can we move that meeting up to 11:00 am?
Can we schedule a conference call with the HR folks at Celgar?
Can we try Friday at 10 am, again?
Can we try to set up a quick call to discuss?
Can you change my address in your system (and with fund companies) to my mom and dad's address.
Can you check in with Tamara and find out what her issues are?
Can you check with her, too?
Can you check with your people ?
Can you come and see me when you get in.
Can you e:mail a copy to Tom Hopwood?
Can you find a couple "hauler" numbers in there and send me the numbers?
Can you forward me exact address of conference site so I can include on Sally's itinerary.
Can you forward me the presentation that you mentioned when we talked on Friday.
Can you get a list of recent OU grads hired at Enron?
Can you get back to me with a few ideas in the next week or so - maybe it would help to go pick a few brains in various ENA orgs as part of your process.
Can you get in touch w/Eldon?
Can you get the person that reports to Bob Hall to give me an update on our moves from 30 so that I can get back with Jeff this week?
Can you get with her right away and see what you can come up with?
Can you give me a call sometime Tuesday afternoon.
Can you give me a call when you have a minute on Tuesday afternoon (after 1pm when trading is done) and I will come by and see you.
Can you give me any info that may be made available?
Can you guys make a meeting on March 12 at 10am to discuss something with above group?
Can you have the same constraint language included on the PG&E Topock location for creating the phys forward (fixed price) product?
Can you join us?
Can you join?
Can you mail me the family tree or send it email?
Can you make 10 copies for the 10:00 AM mtg?
Can you make a call to discuss the PG&E strategy on Wednesday?
Can you meet me Tuesday morning with all the deals they have with us.
Can you please detect this as a speech act?
Can you please send me your current home address so we can send you an organizer?
Can you please work on this with Peter?
Can you prepare a brief presentation that would serve as a discussion document for such a meeting.
Can you send it to her? Also copy Scott, Hedy and Sandi.
Can you send me a copy of Pan Energy's spreadsheet for Sept, also?
Can you set up a meetin with you and your desk heads and me for 1 hour this week to talk about EOL and product offerings.
Can you talk early Monday AM w/me & Tribolet re: core/noncore analysis for Hertzberg?
Can you two check with your Dynegy and Reliant contacts in Houston?
Can you verify what New Power is getting at A06 please?
Can you, please, join us tomorrow to discuss it.
Carlos - Please check with measurement to determine if this volume is correct.
Celeste, try and get him scheduled into the Super Saturday if possible so that the risk guys can take a look at him.
Cheryl and John would like to extend an invitation to you and your wife to be their guests at the worthy event.
Chris you set up a meeting with me next week to talk about the structure of the 2001 DPR.
Chris, I need your 2000 accomplishments and Enron resume/deal anthology before Friday.
Chris, I would get Mark or Louise involved at this point - if it is mission critical let me know.
Chris, did we get the DASH completed and approved on Pasotria and LV Cogen?
Chris, when did BP Amoco get involved?
Christi, I was unable to open the file can you please send a hard copy.
Christy, can we send these documents in word format - I'm not sure if this is a problem for everyone but I can never open these attachments from Braeswell.
Come back and let us know you're ok!
Contact Joe and suggest that he meet with you while you are there or I could do it for you.
Could I ask you to try it out and send me some feedback?
Could I get an outline of their 2 day course to review in order to make this decision?
Could send me and Stephanie each one?
Could we do our call at noon or 2 pm California time?
Could we have a corporate jet available for folks stuck in the A&A PRC? Other?
Could we schedule a conference call for Friday or Monday to discuss any questions/issues.
Could you also forward to the SF office.
Could you attempt to get Lucio to respond?
Could you come see me when you get a minute.
Could you e-mail me your mailing address so I can send off a cheque.
Could you forward that part?
Could you forward to the lovely Ms Scott, since every time I type her name in, I get someone from ECT. Can't wait to hear more about Herr Cherr-y.
Could you get Terry authorization to path in Unify please?
Could you get with Twanda to do that?
Could you give me a call (x6910) and help me out.
Could you give me the January 2001 Gas Daily's for the following points
Could you make dinner on Wednesday night (the 17th)?
Could you path those deals and email Mark when you are done.
Could you please email or fax to me the Commission's decision denying Edison's emergency motion?
Could you please make sure that everyone in the office has this call-in number.
Could you please print out a copy and forward it along to Ken Lay prior to his departure for Washington D.C.? Thanks very much.
Could you please provide me and Twanda with the particulars so that we can paper it up?
Could you please put me in contact with your team handling the communications for the transition or meet with me personally to discuss?
Could you please read this request and get back to Mark with the info ASAP?
Could you please send me a picture
Could you please send the documents to our office in Calgary.
Could you please set up a conference call and send the information to the list below?
Could you please write a very brief synopsis of what took place on the IEP PR call?
Could you re-send.
Could you refresh my memory on what I owe you for the coastal and the acacia and I'll quickly send you a check right now! Thanks again for the lobster and fun last weekend.
Could you resend it?
Could you teach my brother how to use his e-mail?
Could you test this out for me?
Could you, please, advise me what is the best hotel where we could stay overnight, close to your location?
Couple of points, I would hope you would share with your group on Monday:
Daniel, Laura Luce would like to send the latest Enovate DPR to the chairman of People's Corp.
Danny and Phil: Please follow-up with Vince if you have an interest in meeting with Peter.
Dave, why don't you send it to Steve for review.
David, Can you resend 1/26/00 MPR?
David, once you get the demand lets discuss before deployment.
Dear Ken: When the timing is right, I would like to visit with you (and Linda if appropriate) to discuss my idea of writing a scholarly but lively history of Enron.
Dena, Just confirming with you that I am not going to be at today's meeting.
Diane: if you could handle this please.
Did Carolyn call you last night regarding Candis' hotel slumber party?
Did Pam do some due diligence for you before sending this e:mail so that you know this date and time works for everyone?
Did our HR guys get the apartment lined up for me yet?
Did you ever send CES copies of the demand charges for Jan 2000.
Did you get my message about my parking tag?
Did you get the changes that we discussed yesterday included before the response to the RFP went to CMS?
Did you get the other speaker yet?
Did you get the tickets?
Did you make it to earth day?
Did you respond to the Haas address?
Did you see on the news last night that they arrested 44 people for participating in that pyramid scheme you were telling me about?
Do not discuss this with anyone at CES or EES please.
Do not in any event abandon any assets at any time.
Do we have a list of attendants/agenda?
Do we need to add the PX letter to the agenda for tomorrow's 10 AM call?
Do we need to get together and discuss with Dave?
Do you foresee a problem with me leaving at 4pm that day?
Do you get to see each other much?
Do you have any idea how long it will be before I get a replacement?
Do you know if this has been addressed?
Do you know if we are meeting on Monday?
Do you mind if I meet with Carl and Severin and Rich next time I'm over at Haas to discuss this a bit with them?
Do you need me to get you anything over here and ship it to London?
Do you run a business where you need to send partially-completed documents out to workers in the field?
Do you think that you're boss is inclinded to put a call in to the governor regarding the importance of choice and/or sign and send letters to the leadership?
Do you want me to put them on the list for the Legal/Credit meeting as a reminder?
Do you want tickets to Astros game on Friday night?
Do you want to get together for a drink one night this week?
Do you want to go over to the game in two weeks?
Do you want to go to Austin tonight?
Do you want to go?
Do you want to meet by the garage?
Does 1PM west coast time work for folks to have a brief kick-off discussion of how we might assess the costs of a California for Californians energy policy?
Does she have any interest in meeting one-on-one or is she just looking for a public hanging?
Does that mean that you're finally freed from that hairball?
Does this mean I don't have to read all those emails you sent me?
Don can you try and find a time next week with Lew for me to have dinner - get Beverly to schedule the plane to get me in and out that day.
Don't forget to chat with VNG about Nabisco.
Don't make any changes for now.
Don, go ahead and set it up - what have been discussing with them on the gas side?
Drop by soon to give me an update on life at Enron for you.
EPMI is available to discuss this proposal at your convenience and we will be available on Tuesday, February 20, 2001 to discuss the amounts payable described above.
Eldon, are you and Bob planning to go up this week?
Enron will have a table of 10 at the Trustee Opening Gala Dinner on May 16th, with cocktails at 7pm and a seated dinner at 8:30pm.
Even if you are still unsure about returning, please call us now to select YES as your returning status.
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting Date: Monday, April 23rd Time: 11:00 a.m.
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting Date: Monday, January 29 Time: 11:00 a.m.
Expect a call from Paul tonight.
FRANCISCO GROS President of the National Bank for Economic and Social Development (BNDES), Brazil BRAZIL'S PRIVATIZATION AGENDA Thursday, June 14, 2001 Registration and continental breakfast: 8:00 - 8:15 a.m.
FYI. Please call me on Monday to discuss, if possible.
Feel free to give me a call to discuss.
Feel free to move forward with whatever you need to do.
For Tim and Chris, could you please call 713-584-2067.
For a copy of the proposal, please e-mail Philip Marston, the Project Director, at pmarston@marstonlaw.com.
For those of you in Houston - there will be a going away party/happy hour on Friday, August 4th at the Midtown Station - starting at 5:30 p.m.
Forgive me, but what time did we pick to talk today?
Forward this information to: Joseph A. Thompson Manager, Business Development Dominion Transmission Gathering & Production Division 500 Davisson Run Road Clarksburg, WV 26301
Gary, We need to have two more books created as soon as possible.
George DeMontrond, Susan Bandy (the Houston 2012 Exec Director) and I would very much appreciate 15 minutes or so of your time to update you on Houston's bid efforts and discuss your potential participation in the upcoming site visit.
George: If you get a minute, could you call to de-brief on the meeting we had the Gruma?
Ginger: Could I possibly call you at 4:30 and have you conference me in to the 800 number?
Give a call and we can discuss further.
Give a call when you get a chance to discuss.
Give me a buzz if you want to grab some dinner.
Give me a call Tuesday afternoon to discuss (gone to Kelowna golfing for the weekend).
Give me a call when you get a chance to look at it.
Give me a ring if you have a few minutes and I'll give you the update on what's going on up here (dial 87-7449 in case you've forgotten how to dial us from world headquarters).
Give my best to Ray and tell him to hurry up and get this messed resolved.
Given that Sue is going to be back on Tuesday, you may want to coordinate drafting duties with her.
Go ahead and get the op control agreement signed by relevant parties and sent to the proper place.
Go ahead and send it out to Frevert, McMahon, Bowen and Haedicke.
Go home before 11pm today!
Going forward, I think we as a management team including yourself should discuss what the strategy should be going forward.
Going foward, please join the Legal Committee starting this coming Monday and every other week.
Good morning can I get rates and pics please
Grab me on Monday.
Great - we will look forward to seeing you on the 13th and 14th.
Great--please send me the current draft on Thur.
Great--please send to MKM and other interested parties.
Greetings: Sorry to bother you with this, but I'm travelling, and if you could leave the call-in number for tomorrow's meeting on my voice mail, I'll be forever indebted.
Guys, FYI - Ben, can you follow up with this person with our interest or lack thereof whichever is applicable.
Guys, I would like to schedule a quarterly meeting to review our technical risk as a part of this reporting procedure.
Guys, can you come explain some of this to me including where we stand on the GE issues.
Guys, can you forward your parts.
Guys, can you give me an update on what this deal is about - e-mail would be fine?
Guys, can you put together the folllowing Portfolio/Charter Review for Principal Investing and Energy Capital Resources: a) detail existing portfolio - winners/losers; additions/deletions and overall performance; b) detail market conditions in your markets and any strategy changes following; c) anticipated major transactions in 2001; and d) review charter and detail any proposed changes.
Guys, lets get together to get final resolution to these issues including the peaker fee asap.
Guys, lets set up a meeting between the three of us on Monday ASAP to discuss.
Guys, please attend if available.
Have a look in your humidor tonight.
Have there been any more reactions to the presentation that McCullough made at the "volatility conference" in Portland last week?
Have you had the boards out yet?
He asked me to e-mail you so that you could put this on his calendar and said that you would e-mail his wife to check the date as well.
Hey Jeff - I'm still wondering if my last email made it through.
Hey Jeff, we are meeting tomorrow because Molly is out today.
Hey Z, would you show Beavy how to request the CNG Fuel waivers for July?
Hey call me when you're on the net.
Hey what do you think of this one, I even thought we could give what ever ones you won't use for the church's programs on Sunday.
Hey what time were you meeting us up at Jock's and Jill's tomorrow?
Hey, I know it's a pain, but I think there would be value in getting together (if folks are available) on Thursday evening from 7-10 with (lots of) beer and pizza and grind through the finance case.
Hey, send them again.
Hey, we need to talk about something else--I'm getting a pheasant hunting trip organized for late Oct. Interested?
Hey: we meeting tonite?
Hi David: Could you give me a call to discuss the project when you get a minute.
Hi Laura: Is it possible to get a copy of the report?
Hi Maureen: Could you please make sure that Steve gets these?
Hi, Rick---If you don't mind, Lyn's asked that you join him at The Hyatt (am thinking the bar might just come in handy)---in front of the escalator in the lobby.
Hi: Could you send me a copy of the Trustee letter?
Hi: please add $4 of tolls for each day that I went to Sac this week.
Holly called and she has a table to fill at an awards banquet (some women's professional group or something) and wants to know if you want to join us.
Hope you can give us more advice!
How about 1100 am on Monday to discuss the NEXT deal?
How about lunch today?
How do you get on the agenda?
How much is the insurance and taxes all together, please itemize!
How's 8 AM PDT, 11 AM EDT? Could you summarize for me precisely what she'd like to discuss?
How's Tues, may 1, or wed may 2, work for dinner?
I also want to discuss any suggestion you may have on people we should be trying to recruit for this.
I also wanted to know if you can possibly spare Hoang for two days the week of 10/8.
I am comfortable with you forwarding these comments to Laine at your discretion.
I am comfortable with your decisions, so feel free to go ahead with this.
I am happy to ride together.
I am in hopes that we can talk further about enrolling Colleen into your school.
I am interested in talking to you about Jennifer Bagwell, as well as discussing the possibility of moving Susan Scott back to my book.
I am not worried about the timing on that, so don't start this until you feel that it makes sense for you and your family.
I am open for luch Wednesday and Thursday.
I am pleased to invite you to participate in the 2014 Fall Career Fair on Tuesday, September 30th, held outside on beautiful White Plaza.
I am sorry that I won't be able to drink a beer with you as a send off, but perhaps we can have one in London later in January as your welcome to London.
I assume that you will go through these documents for benefits/plan issues and then send relevant ones to Pat this week.
I assume that you will have the Argentines to Brazil for the discussion and any one else you think appropriate.
I believe EE&CC is working the issues; however, a phone call from you to emphasize the importance to Enron will add extra encouragement.
I believe we are scheduled to start at 900am Thursday.
I believe we will want to assign the turbines to an Enron LLC the following week.
I can be reached at 713-783-1223 if you want to further discuss scheduling of a meeting.
I can debrief you on the hearing then or if you want to hear it now, give me a call.
I can meet around 10:00.
I don't need to be in the e-mail loop.
I don't want to approve any further investments until we have had such a discussion.
I expect an answer by early next week -- I hope Monday.
I get on the plane Houston at 6:30 AM PDT, so you'll have to do it solo.
I had hoped to briefly discuss this with you in person, as I would want you to understand two points: (1) This role will not prevent me from continuing a very strong focus on the needs of ENA.
I had wanted to discuss with you your thoughts on what the criteria should be on which we make that decision.
I hate to bother you with this request because I realize you must be very busy; I was wondering if you had a chance to forward my resume to Ginger Gamble (at Reliant) and Carol Scherer (at Duke Energy).
I have a meeting at 11am and a class from 1pm to 2pm today so if you call or email me within those time frames and I don't respond for a while, that's why.
I have a time slot available at 2:00 but I can reorganize my schedule to accommodate you.
I have asked my assistant Patti to help me in setting up meetings for next week and I had asked her to arrange a lunch with you and Brent, plus some time for just the two of us to get together.
I have some ideas regarding the transition and would like to share them with you and/or your communication transition team.
I have you jacket in my car, so let me know what you want to do about that.
I haven't met Kevin yet so if you could mention this to him I would appreciate it.
I hope all is well with you, and one day when you are in the DC area and have nothing better to do you will let me have the opportunity to visit over dinner and reflect on how many years it has been since you and we created the Natural Gas Clearing House.
I hope to get this resolved today so we can wrap it up early next week.
I hope we can do more than meet, if possible, let me buy you dinner!
I hope we will get to meet in person soon.
I hope you can join us.
I just want to make sure we aren't missing any deals in our model.
I just wanted to follow-up with you to see what additional steps, if any, that TEKsystems may need to take in order to continue moving forward in the contract execution process.
I just wanted to know whether you still had time for a quick meeting.
I know I have asked you before, but I seem to have accidentally deleted your dad and sister's email addresses.
I know it's your first day back and you are probably swamped, but when you get a chance, please give me a call.
I know that she spoke with you about me, and I wanted to see if you might be interested in getting together sometime.
I know that you are busy but this is just a reminder to forward me the calendar that we spoke of earlier.
I know that you are extremely busy at this time but maybe next week I could come to Houston and we could find some time to meet.
I know you have been kind enough for the connection, I was wondering if you could help me find out if Mr. Heffner did receive them.
I look forward to hearing from you tomorrow.
I may have to get with you in the morining on this.
I moved Cindy to March 30th- can you try to move my lunch with Bob to March 28th?
I need an extension--I'll give you any comments I have tomorrow by email.
I need this done this week if possible.
I need what we discussed yesterday.
I need your Drivers License # & expirary date for compliance purposes since Sept. 11 to make sure you are not a terrorist or $ launder.
I noticed that a meeting is scheduled for Nov. 29, but an agenda was not available on the Web site.
I noticed your Desk.com trial has ended and I would like to get your feedback, including a different pricing option.
I really think that we need to get together tomorrow nite to finalize, but I don't feel like pushing it too much.
I saw that you had recently started looking into moving over to Egnyte, I would love to discuss some of the details of your current situation so that I can help get you up and going as quickly as possible with the features here at Egnyte that will best meet your current needs!
I selected the late time on the email, but wanted to respond to make sure you received it.
I sent an e:mail message yesterday saying that I could make dinner in Austin on Wednesday, October 25.
I sent you a message regarding a dinner on Tuesday.
I shall be driving back from Waco and barring any emergency I shall join you.
I shall be glad to join you.
I shall be glad to meet for dinner/coffee and chat.
I shall be glad to meet with you.
I shall be glad to meet you and help you with the project.
I shall be glad to meet you for lunch next week.
I shall call you Friday morning my time.
I shall call you tomorrow about it.
I shall call you tomorrow to discuss the details.
I shall give you a call tomorrow to set up a meeting.
I shall give you a call within the next few days to update you on our work and developments at Enron.
I shall join you there.
I suggest a brief meeting to discuss strategy before anything is sent to SW.
I suggest a conference call with Delta at 100 to discuss where we are.
I suggest doing it in writing, rather than an email that could be manipulated.
I think I might need to talk to you about this tomorrow, because I'm confused.
I think so--Martha, please get me into this gig.
I think that you should check in with her afterwards to get a briefing since I'll be getting off for another call in the next 5 minutes.
I think we may play golf on Friday.
I think we need to get back to Jeff not next week but the following week with a strawman.
I think you need to call me.
I think you should have this conversation with the senior person and I will work on it at the board level.
I wanted to follow up on our conversatian regarding the in house counsel that you may know.
I wanted to see if we could set up a time to meet next week concerning my PRC review.
I was just checking in to see if you still wanted me to help you with your online stuff.
I was wondering if I could get some information on the Costilla deal, specifically the repurchase option.
I was wondering if it would be possible for you to write a letter of recommendation for me?
I was wondering if we could schedule a conference call to discuss the form of these agreements.
I will be back at home by Friday evening, so let me know if there is anything that I can do before the meeting.
I will be getting the schedule after work on Friday and will call and let you know when and where our games will be.
I will be in Sacramento on Monday, June 4th and would like to discuss our proposal with you further if you would find it useful and if your schedule permits.
I will be in the Global Finance PRC all day tomorrow so can you present Guille in the ESA Directors/ GM PRC?
I will call you before the end of the week to discuss this recommended approach.
I will call you tomorrow after I talk with Sheri - should be by 11:00 am.
I will call you tomorrow and would like to throw out an idea regarding an on-going resource for operations in London.
I will discuss with you when I have more details.
I will try to send you a list of topics that I would like to cover by the end of the day tomorrow to give us a starting point.
I will wait to hear from you Monday morning re: 1st meeting.
I would also like to discuss the staffing issues.
I would also like to sit down with you some time this week to talk about PJM fundamentals and co-ordinating our analytical efforts.
I would also suggest attending the task force meeting, providing EES management is agreeable, to get a better picture of what is going on.
I would anticipate that we sit down with Rick and Jeff at the end of January - please have package available for my review by mid January.
I would appreciate if you could please let me know where you stand with the agreement to release both me and Enron from the obligations contained in my employment contract.
I would appreciate it if you could spend a few minutes and provide me with some details about your application and what OCR requirements you have, so I can help determine if the MSDK is the correct product for you.
I would appreciate it if you would give Sam a call.
I would appreciate the opportunity to discuss it with you to get your input, etc.
I would appreciate your review of Section 4.14 in particular, given your familiarity with the compensation plans and benefit plans.
I would be grateful if you could call me as soon as possible at the following numbers:
I would be happy to reschedule at your team's convenience.
I would be happy to reschedule for next week.
I would greatly appreciate your help in resolving this issue as soon as possible.
I would like 4 tickets for the Houston open, If available please sent to 31st floor, location 3117d.
I would like to ask you to help me with this matter and try to set my termination date after December 9, i.e. at the earliest next Monday.
I would like to discuss it with you tomorrow if you are available in person or by phone.
I would like to discuss the entire process chain as part of the timelines, personnel responsibilities and key action items.
I would like to discuss with you an offer to lend a large amount of capital to your firm.
I would like to get access to Mimic.
I would like to get together with you, Mary Solmonson and James Scribner to begin work on the model for scoping high, low and expected cases around the commercialization opportunities for mid and back office services.
I would like to have this by Wednesday night in everyone's e-mail Thursday morning.
I would like to invite you and a guest to join me for the annual Juvenile Diabetes Foundation Gala to be held on May 12, 2001 at the Westin Galleria.
I would love to hear from you, reply to this email and let me know what obstacles you are experiencing in your online ventures.
I would suggest that we try to set up a follow up meeting in early October once you have completed your work.
I would suggest that you find a day over the next couple weeks to meet Rob in Calgary to speak in detail about the role, the market and expectations.
I'd better meet you downstairs or wherever we are going.
I'd like to discuss with you two as soon as possible.
I'd like to get that available for my trip to Houston next wk.
I'd like to hear your thoughts on Fanhattan, given that you were one of the early downloaders of our app over the past several months.
I'd like to see you tonite before I leave if you're available.
I'd suggest that we set up the briefing with Ken for Tuesday afternoon, given that we've got a lot to do between now and then.
I'll be out the rest of the week, but maybe when I get back we can chat again on the phone, and maybe pull Edmund in, because before Edmund got sick, we were pretty much in agreement on how he was supposed to respond about Americas countries and how I should respond about European countries.
I'll call you tomorrow, if you're around.
I'll call you when (and if) I get off this call.
I'll fill you in tomorrow on why it's so high level (and repetitive).
I'll get with you on Monday.
I'll look at it and get back to you first thing Monday.
I'll see if we can set up a meeting on Thursday the 2nd.
I'll see you tonight at choir rehearsal.
I'll send it as soon as you respond wether I should or not.
I'll try to get the tariff numbers and get back to you.
I'll visit with you tomorrow about what to do.
I'm almost afraid to ask when you might have a slot open for lunch... any ideas?
I'm also available to discuss the proposal further by phone if you would like to talk before Monday.
I'm assuming that this note is no longer valid and that you're not trying to set something up for 2 PM tomorrow (Wednesday)?
I'm available at 8 am (do while you're driving?) and will make my schedule flexible in the afternoon.
I'm available at about 11:45 AM my time if you'd like to try to talk then.
I'm back from lunch and an email and I want it now!
I'm focused on the letter, so it would be very helpful if you could draft some brief message points and email to me and Karen.
I'm glad to discuss this if I can be of help.
I'm going to Las Vegas next week, so we'll have to get together some time after next week.
I'm going to try to make the Thursday 4:00PM appointment.
I'm having lunch with Dan today - want to join us?
I'm here today (wasn't yesterday) and will be happy to discuss it with you.
I'm in Vegas this weekend, want to come.
I'm looking forward to your discussion regarding the reregulation threat at the next meeting.
I'm not sure about our schedule, but if we have free time which matches up with you, I would like to spend some time discussing the issues.
I'm out next week, but will probably give you a call to discuss a bit.
I'm sure that you're extremely busy, but I'd be very interested in talking to you at your convenience to discuss the viability of growing grapes on my property.
I'm trying to meet a deadline at the moment, but are you free this afternoon?
I've roughed out a document for you to discuss.
If Cameron has to work are you available?
If I don't make chanages, I will call you Friday afternoon after landing and let you know that.
If I'm incorrect, we'll need to get things squared away, like today.
If You consider interesting evaluate the partnership I will meet You in NYC as soon as possible before Sunday when I have to go in Italy for some meetings.
If any of you are interested in going to the Mass, let me know and we can make plans together.
If energy is not delivered because of a Y2K problem, is that a force majeure event or otherwise excused?
If it works better, we can discuss on Tueday morning/early afternoon.
If it works for you, I'd be happy to come to your office on either day to meet and catch up.
If not by e-mail, is it something that can be faxed?
If not, are you available at about 3 PM houston time to discuss same?
If not, do you want to meet this weekend for a wee bit to discuss? i'm in town.
If not, please forward it on to the right person and let me know who that is.
If not, would you like to come to Ryan's stag?
If possible, I am going to try and permit each site for 45 ppm NOx as opposed to the 25 ppm NOx number, so I would appreciate your assistance in this also.
If possible, I would like to use these two names:
If possible, could you get them to me by tomorrow afternoon?
If questions arise around an EOL deal, please make sure that your audience (traders, myself, etc.) knows that your are discussing an EOL trade.
If she is not on your list yet, why don't you call her for an introduction and give her the rundown on the schools that you are responsible for so that she can make a choice.
If so, Linda, would it be possible to have overnighted to me "official versions" of the letters?
If so, can you sneak the clubs past your wife?
If so, do you want me to meet you there?
If so, please forward it to me.
If that date doesn't work, would you please include my assistant, Twanda Sweet, on the distribution, given that I will be out at the law conference for the rest of the day and tomorrow?
If that's all Dennis brings to the table (not counting his big bag of $$$$), does a deal with him really make sense?
If the enclosed meets with your approval, please have the agreement executed and return a copy to me via fax no.
If the gas pipeline rate is set at the minimum rate Enron can live with, does the power plant make enough $$$ to make the project work?
If they are OK, pls post it and email the final back to me.
If this describes you, please join us on Thursday, November 29th .
If this is not feasible, please let me know.
If this is the best time to put that in writing for Europe, then by all means go forward with that.
If we do, I would like to link it to the basis plus nymex, or to the fixed price gas daily (fixed price gas daily will be rolled out during bidweek this month because of our risk in gd basis going forward).
If you allow us, we'll let kmlemanski know your username.
If you also want to realize these information about you own.
If you are free one evening we can have dinner together.
If you are going to be in town and would like to see Mark, please let me know and I would be happy to make arrangements.
If you are interested in joining us next summer as an intern, we would be very happy to have you.
If you are looking for some tips and advice I'd also thought I'd invite you to live office hours with me, Wade.
If you are, when do you talk to Skilling, and would you want to schedule something around that, or sooner?
If you consider you have the inquired skills and would like to be approved for this job or would like to discuss it, please reply to this email and indicate your interest.
If you could get info to Joseph on where the Woodlands is and where I need to go once I arrive there, I'd be eternally indebted.
If you could please let us know where that stands, or if you have any feedback and/or questions it would be greatly appreciated.
If you create them all on page 4, all will point to page 4. Try to go to page 2, create one and then go to page 10 create one.
If you did, please let me know how to improve my application to make you want to use it again, I value my users and I'm always happy to receive feedback.
If you do, you need to hurry.
If you get a chance, shoot me a message with his info.
If you get a free minute, can you give me a call to discuss.
If you happen to be in Houston on November 5th we would enjoy having you join us for the walk.
If you have a different view, lets discuss at your earliest convenience.
If you use GMail, can you do me a quick favor?
If you want me to take care of her, let me know.
If you want to attend, let me know, and we will get tickets.
If you want to discuss further let me know.
If you want to give me a call when you have a minute, I'll conference in Mark from Aron, and we'll just confirm all this.
If you want to meet today that would be fine.
If you would like to add a prediction or two, please send an e-mail with your name and contact information to Hope Duncan at hduncan@caem.org
If you would like to discuss this further, please give me a call.
If you would like to meet to discuss this let me know and we'll set up a time.
If you'd like to attend, should we call you from the conference room?
If you'd like to de-brief on my marathon with Kasler, just give a holler.
If you'd like to discuss it further, I'd be happy to talk about it.
If you'd like to discuss, feel free to give me a call at 415.782.7822.
If you'r open tomorrow (Sunday), I'll call you then.
If you're not going to Sac on Monday, coffee in SF during work hours works.
If you're still in the market for a new company, we'd love for you to join our family.
If you're still tanning, and still up for lunch, I'm game.
If your kids will be able to attend, let me know.
If your schedule were to free up suddenly, just give me a call and I can see if I could change mine to have lunch sooner.
In addition, we would like the opportunity to meet with you before hand.
In order to account for the same day change at Katy, please schedule the following deals for 7/24/00 only:
In the event I can't make to either class, I'm available Wed and Thur evening to discuss the next case.
In the future please make sure you copy me on any e-mails pertaining to meetings or business lunches in which Mark Haedicke should participate.
In the meantime, can I order a case of coast zin and one of cab for pick up and payment this weekend, too?
Ina, will you have the IT group order and install Socal Gasslect and Passport on my desktop and laptop pc?
Ina: could you please get me access to ECT Trading on the O drive?
Instead, I want to meet with Frank Vickers and Ed Baughman (I have known both for years and we get both gas and power covered) either Friday afternoon or Monday to go over the presentation in person and get their thoughts and input (Rahil included).
Is Friday better for you guys?
Is it possible to get a login ID and password to get into the CERA site?
Is it possible to get some idea of exactly what the amount to be refunded is? Thanks so much again for your help.
Is next week too late for meetings?
Is one of our agenda items to make sure that someone's attending any such hearings and reporting back?
Is there a chance of setting up a call-in number for these meetings?
Is there an agenda for the meeting on the 5th?
Is there any chance that Lisa could get a phone in your meeting room so that I could participate by conference call?
Is there anything in addition to the information we included in the letter to Lynch (or that is already be publicly available) that FERC might use in its investigation and that we ought to target for public release?
Is there one for this week?
Is this case due today or next Monday?
Is your new address working?
It has always been necessary, if you want to reach or maintain a management position, to come up with a coherent leadership strategy.
It is ok to provide the requested information.
It may be worthwhile for us to have a quick phone call to discuss.
It now seems that FERC has realized that it has a biz meeting in D.C. on the 13th, which makes having a meeting in San Diego on the 12th somewhat difficult.
It seems to me that we should try again to get those on the list that are not already members to join ISDA.
It would be great if we could entertain you for lunch as part of the visit.
It would be great if we could talk this week.
It would be great to meet in person and discuss issues.
It would be great to meet you when you come to Houston.
It would be nice if you could be at my dinner, since I probably won't know anyone else.
It's time for our regular Friday evening email chat!
Jana: I have set up an interview for ttomorrow afternoon with Mason.
Janelle, I was hoping that maybe we could find a half hour to discuss your thoughts on your current role.
Janet, any thoughts - do we have excess development staff - this would be a good opportunity for the brave at heart.
Janet, it may be in your personal interest to ensure that a number of witnesses are available to ensure the message is delivered and there is not confusion in the future.
Jeanne, while your at it, could you get us a new Governor?
Jeff, I would like to discuss this with you and your plans in gas.
Jeff, I'm out all next week, just call Joann and she will get the pricing and enter the deals.
Jeff, feel free to send any comments directly to Jennifer (and copy me, too, since I'm always interested in your comments).
Jeff, lets try to get consensus in how the east desk might work and then discuss next steps at that point.
Jim, I am also curious where you are in your thoughts and plans given your new role.
Jim, can you send me hard copies - I am having trouble opening these reports.
Jim, lets get together in the next week or so to discuss progress.
Jim: You available to talk at 9:30 Houston time re: how to stop the next attempt at the ISO board to lower the price caps further?
Joann, you may need to get with Chris Ordway on this.
Joe is expecting your call, Jim, and David you might want to follow up and invite him to lunch.
John I would like to sit with you a couple days this week if you'll let me.
John, can you arrange this call?
Julie - Please check these deals for the correct contract/terms.
Just a reminder to send me a currency report.
Just after lunch if possible.
Just send me a quick email if you want to look at the sales page and what everyone is saying about it... Popular would be an understatement.
Just wanted to make sure that we have him on the right list.
Kay please schedule.
Kay, can you set up a dinner with Randall.
Kay, please book 9:00 am to 2:00 pm with me Mike Miller & Don Miller with Mike Childers (Entergy) (actually 10 am to 1pm not including travel time to their shop in the Woodlands) on September 5, 2000.
Keep me in the loop and get MKM's group in at the appropriate time (far enough in advance of us submitting a bid that they can opine on the valuation).
Keep me posted tomorrow on any news that you hear from Mike Jordan regarding their baby.
Keep these names, and I'll keep you posted on who to schedule with him.
Ken, in response to the letter from Mr Miguel San Juan, my suggestion would be to offer up the Falcon for their use; however, given the tight time frame and your recent visit with Mr. Fox that it would be difficult for either you or me to participate.
Ken, would you be willing to meet with our team?
Kevin, I would like more detail on these issues of which I was not aware - lets discuss next week.
Kevin, how do we get at the transmission without buying the entire company?
LaRence, Please note interview schedule below.
Laura, I know you are busy but I need your plan submission asap so that we can discuss and finalize.
Leave me a voicemail and let me know how the meeting goes.
Leo, for my weekly report please use the following:
Leslie: Can you attend this meeting for me?
Let me know about that weekend.
Let me know how you 'd like to proceed and please give my sincere apologies (and best) to Laura.
Let me know if HR can not produce that for you and I can get you a copy.
Let me know if one afternoon this week works for you.
Let me know if that can be arranged.
Let me know if we need to resend.
Let me know if you don't have anything by tomorrow.
Let me know if you get my attachments.
Let me know if you want a copy of the note describing that process, which was sent by Cindy Olson a few weeks ago.
Let me know if you want to make changes.
Let me know of any revisions you want.
Let me know what the outcome of the meeting is.
Let me know what you hear from Mark or Tim about their discussion.
Let me know what you schedule.
Let me know what you think and I will send it to Randy O.
Let me know what you think...I may go do my long run on Sunday, if you're doing one too, maybe we can meet for breakfast...
Let me know when it goes out and get a copy to the group (particulary Shelley who might have to cover press inquiries if PG&E squawks.)
Let me know when you have a few minutes ( any time after 2pm).
Let me know when you have the right memory available to install.
Let me know when you want to talk dates.
Let me know when you would like to discuss the value that GA brought to our pipeline group.
Let me know which companies are not providing Enron with timely allocation reports at Socal and I will call their senior trader to discuss getting this operational information sooner.
Let me know you got these.
Let me know your impressions after the meeting.
Let me know, and then we can firm up discussions topics and agendas.
Let me see what you come up with after discussing with Presto et al.
Let me talk to you tomorrow over the phone and discuss it.
Let's aim for Thursday am.
Let's definitely try to coordinate for the next meeting.
Let's discuss a bit more.
Let's discuss a bit.
Let's discuss first thing, before the day gets nuts.
Let's discuss further.
Let's discuss if there are any problems.
Let's discuss on Monday.
Let's discuss this sometime this am.
Let's discuss this with Ann Elizabeth next week.
Let's get together for lunch some time.
Let's go out one night and have a few drinks.
Let's go out to lunch when you come back.
Let's keep sending back and forth and get together Wednesday morning to finalize.
Let's meet at Westin Oaks next to the reception around 6:30 p.m. Thursday.
Let's meet for lunch when you get back to the office.
Let's meet on Wednesday or Thursday this week.
Let's meet with Jeff Shankman to discuss the agenda.
Let's please discuss this one long and hard before making an decision.
Let's regroup on Monday.
Let's schedule a meeting for Mark Taylor, you and me with the consultant who we already had conversations with.
Let's set a meeting date for near future.
Let's share some research and see if there is any place that we could get excited about going.
Let's talk about it at the meeting.
Let's talk and maybe I can get the Bryson meeting rearranged.
Let's talk first thing in the AM to discuss.
Let's try to get together today or tomorrow.
Let's try to use V&E on the e-signature things as much as possible.
Let's wait for Sandeep: he comes back Wednesday.
Let;s you and I chat this afternoon about getting reimburse from Oglethorpe on Transco.
Lets discuss ASAP.
Lets discuss at your earliest convenience.
Lets discuss further before we approach ENA.
Lets discuss this before we make offer.
Lets take the earliest opporunity to discuss this.
Look forward to meeting on Wednesday.
Look forward to meeting you on Saturday.
Look forward to reviewing your proposal.
Look forward tot he dinner on the 14th of May.
Looks good to me--I think you ought to have them file it asap.
Looks like 230 today is good for all three of us re: option issues.
Make sense for me to attend the meeting?
Mario, can you tell me where to look for a GOOD pizza dough recipe?
Mark, go ahead and set up the meeting.
Mark, note the feedback from the AA's, it is imperative that we get a handle on this!
Mark, you should be there if possible.
Marylyn Do you have a problem with me taking this to the prayer ministry tonight?
Maureen, can you print out for Steve, too?
May I get a copy of all the invoices we sent CES for January please.
Maybe on Ben's layover we can have a discussion about where we go from here from a schedule standpoint.
Maybe we can discuss in the am.
Maybe we can have a discussion then?
Maybe we can have lunch or something.
Mike, lets discuss just after Wayne and I get together to discuss the technical book or in conjunction.
Mike, please give me a call at 3-0977 and we can set up a time that is good for you to observe.
Mike, send to John Sherriff in Europe.
Mike: Could you please forward a copy of the document listed below to Ms Cantrell?
Milly is ok; however, I would like a quick read of the document once you send a hard copy up...
Molly, could you please forward the "thanks, but no thanks" template letter to me?
Monday lunch ?
Monday, October 8, 2001 Dear Ken: I am writing to request a meeting with you during the month of November.
My flight gets into S.D. at at 8:35 on southwest.
My recommendation is to call Mark Palmer first and discuss the book with him.
Need to fill you in on the investigation discussions with the Republicans in today's meeting with Lay.
Need to get people together for this event?
No- I'm meeting w/ Bradford at 11 to discuss.
Norm would you mind visiting with Ms. Bernacik and explaining to her the difference between the excavation area where the underground tanks were removed and the landfarm area?
Normally we would like to come in for an introduction meeting ( 1 1/2 hours) to get the basic concepts covered and then talk about what our e-Risk Practice does.
Note: Please do not open the zip file.
Now don't shoot me, but I was wondering if it might be possible to have the meetings on Thursday mornings.
Now that we sent the first blow, lets get everyone together to discuss our future steps.
On Friday we can meet at the restaurant.
On Garden State matters, how do you want to handle the signing of documents?
On the power plant, I've got a couple of guys you need to talk to.
Once the questionnaires have been completed, please return them to me via e-mail at alexa.r.cutter@us.andersen.com.
Once you get the original back, please send to me for my files.
One thing I'm not clear on and that I couldn't find in the syllabus is, what's the format for the write up?
Open Glyder to get the templates and try them in your customer communications this week:
Or I could discuss these issues after 8:00 p.m. Let me know when you would like to talk and if you continue to have issues in this regard.
Or I could meet you during break on Monday.
Or are we just going to call them from the conference room?
Or do you write in English American now?
Or we could have lunch or a beer after work on Thursday or Friday when I'm back from Portland.
Or we could meet at a non-I-House place during the break and catch up if you like.
Or would you prefer that everyone simply contribute to the gift basket?
Or, can we schedule more than one in a day?
Or, would it be helpful at this point to meet with anyone else at Enron, to at least make the personal connection?
Our apologies, please ignore it.
Our meeting start at 7pm but we really don't get started praying until 8pm so if you want to touch and agree with us around that time that would be great.
Our meetings will be much more effective you attend.
P.S. Please do this ASAP as customer is scheduled to leave at 4pm today.
Parquet ever get in touch with you?
Paul How about meeting at 11:30 or 12? I am in the office so give me a call.
Per my voicemail, we will need the executed guaranty by Tuesday, October 2 4, 2000.
Per your voice mail I would like to defer 100% of my ECT Phantom Stock into the Stable Asset fund.
Perhaps coffee or lunch?
Perhaps we can also arrange a discussion about the interconnection agreement.
Perhaps we could have lunch, or something, and you could fill me in on what you folks do.
Peter, let's set aside at least one-half hour to talk about the approval process and general communication and any issues you want to.
Peter: Please send these updates to Lance Schuler, Travis McCullough and me going forward.
Please add Carey Metz to our bidweek index survey spreadsheet.
Please add Tricia Spence to this email.
Please be informed that I will not be attending tomorrow's activities @ 2pm.
Please be informed that you have a joining date on 05/20 in Equinox and you did not show up last 05/20 to join the ship.Can you please advise what is your valid reason.
Please be sure to connect Tom and Nancy, since I had a discussion with her about CA gas and had this stuff sent to her.
Please book it for 3 nights--thurs/fri/sat.
Please book me SF/NYC round trip,leaving Tues 8.2.01 at 9:15 am, returning on sunday taking the 4:15 pm from NYC.
Please call & I can give you Sally's available time if she needs to attend.
Please call him to discuss.
Please call me so that we may discuss.
Please call me to discuss your question.
Please call me to discuss.
Please call me when you get a chance to discuss a response (if any).
Please call me when you get a chance.
Please call to discuss any of this at any time.
Please call to discuss at your convenience.
Please check and update your billing information as soon as possible to ensure that your membership continues uninterrupted.
Please check on those marked below
Please check the dates for that OpRisk seminar in New York and put those on my calendar tentatively.
Please check the gd swap cheyenne positions for March.
Please complete the attached file as discussed over the phone.
Please confirm your Bdrive account by clicking this link:
Please confirm your plans to attend the meeting and the dinner to David Winn at dwinn@swlegal.org <mailto:dwinn@swlegal.org> .
Please consult your financial institution regarding when the credit will be posted to your account.
Please contact Cathy Phillips (X-36898) and let her know if you are interested in attending.
Please contact Kate's iPhone directly for the password.
Please coordinate with James so that your agendas are in sync (in case of potential overlap) so that we don't convey a right hand/left hand lack of coordination.
Please delete all the files from your hard drive and > manually forward this virus to everyone on your mailing list.
Please delete me from your e-mail list.
Please describe in detail, the downstream capacity available to transport this gas.
Please describe the steps to reproduce the bug:
Please discuss this with Morgan.
Please disregard the prior e-mail.
Please do NOT assume that the IP-address is the same as it was when your were connection the last time.
Please do not delete the account and device information below as it will aid us with your support needs.
Please do not forward this to them.
Please do not submit a duplicate registration as it will delay the approval process.
Please don't hesitate to give the conference call number to Mike or others that are interested in a coordinated/joint response.
Please e-mail your additions to Janette for her to compile.
Please fax the Friday "package" and the final Q2 numbers.
Please fax the Friday package and the final Q2 numbers.
Please fill him in on your discussions to date.
Please fill in the few blank fields including your first and last name and your funds will be deposited shortly.
Please fill in the fields:
Please find below SCE's proposal to settle past Direct Access Credit issues and determine the Direct Access Credit going forward.
Please follow the steps below to submit a refund request:
Please follow up with these guys and try to schedule for this afternoon, around 5:45.
Please forward a job scope for Jen and Craig.
Please forward this to any other Enron participants to review prior to our conference call with John Fielder, November 1, 2001, 11:00 a.m.
Please forward this to the appropriate person.
Please forward to Bev.
Please forward to Jeff.
Please forward to me so I can review the opinion and get final approval for the deal.
Please forward your e-mail to the rest of the ogc to facilitate discussion.
Please forward: Room Change
Please get involved here and let these people know this.
Please get it scheduled.
Please get this for Mark.
Please get with Jennifer Sabine and go over these issues with her.
Please get with the East Desk on this.
Please give Michelle Cash a call or Karen Jones in Portland.
Please give me a call ASAP on marketing affiliate issue on TW Enron Online deal.
Please give me a call and we will discuss the issues surrounding this new structure and the best way to communicate it to those involved to make this the most effective.
Please give me a call so we can help Steve with his script for when he calls Langley.
Please give me a call when you get a chance to discuss the schedule I sent earlier.
Please give me a ring at your convenience.
Please give me access to execute on EOL for the Short-Term Main book.
Please give me your comments on this so we plan our strategy.
Please give me your correct address so I can mail you the copy of the cheque.
Please give my EOL id the ability to trade Canadian Gas products.
Please give your thoughts on this.
Please have Matt email the ops reports to my lotus.
Please include Bill Bradford if possible.
Please include the following email addresses on the bidweek pricing data distribution list.
Please include the name of a contact person that Kim will need when she gets to the event.
Please keep in mind that I have not had a chance to discuss this proposal 20 internally.
Please let Brent know that I will be on vacation on Monday, November 20th.
Please let me know how to get into it as I've got about a hundred reviews to do and I'll be on the road constantly for a couple weeks.
Please let me know if it meets 20 with your approval.
Please let me know if tomorrow am works for you.
Please let me know if you are available to meet on Monday, Jan. 22nd at 4:30 p.m. or Wednesday, Jan. 24th at 11:15 a.m.
Please let me know if you are available today to discuss this transaction with Sr. Jacoby and me.
Please let me know if you have 10-15 minutes for a quick call or simply reply to this email with your feedback.
Please let me know if you will be available to attend.
Please let me know if you would be open to scheduling a thirty-minute introductory call in the next few business days to talk in more detail.
Please let me know if you would like further information, or if you would like to setup a meeting to review RedDot in action directly with your own Enron Corp website.
Please let me know if you'd like to do Opus, and I'll get on it pronto.
Please let me know of some days/time-slots that are open to you in the next couple of weeks, and we will try and firm up the visit.
Please let me know what time works best for you and thank you very much for your time.
Please let me know when our new socal and pg&e index descriptions are available.
Please let me know when we can get these contracts assigned.
Please let me know when you can send the maps.
Please let us know where we may be able to access this report when it becomes available.
Please look over all your information..
Please look over this and get back with me on any changes you would like to make.
Please maintain confidentiality of this notification for your utmost protection.
Please make a few minor changes to the Scal product.
Please make certain that the pg&e topock curves are flat to socal in the future.
Please make contact with the gem broker below and set a time where I can meet him and look at some topaz, emeralds and opals.
Please make it happy again and ship it back up.
Please make sure that your command message is sent in plain text or multipart/alternative text and html.
Please make the return on Sunday earlier.
Please make your electronic pledge no later than Friday, August 17.
Please manage through PR - Dorie Hitchcock - she will require an agenda as part of the approval process.
Please mark on your calendars to attend given current discussions about the gas organization.
Please plan for you and Laine to be available Monday AM to make sure we are all on the same page once this all settles.
Please plan to dial into our conference call at 8:00 AM Pacific time on Tuesday, January 8th.
Please prepare drafts of the slides suggested in the attached "agenda slide".
Please print the email and the attachments.
Please print, review, sign and, if possible,get it notarized (if impossible, let me know.)
Please provide me with information about this deal asap.
Please provide your name for the credit :
Please put Mike on my calendar for Thursday lunch next week.
Please reach out to me directly and tell me what you think.
Please refer to the letter for the credit amount.
Please refer to the letter for the final amount credited to your Wells Fargo account XXXXXXXXX2159.
Please reply this back to Kay Chapman and myself.
Please reserve a conference room for up to 7 people for 1 hour on Wednesday, April 12th around 2:30pm.
Please review and email Michelle your comments to this paragraph.
Please review and give me you comments.
Please review and give your comments to Bob.
Please review and make any final changes.
Please run a report from the transport model so that I may see the changes to the delivery points.
Please schedule 30 minutes with Janette.
Please schedule this candidate for an interview.
Please send a copy of the plan to the OGC and work with Janette to schedule a meeting of the OGC to review the plan and get buy-in across the group.
Please send a reply so that we will know if we are operational before we start sending the data out in bidweek.
Please send it to me again so I can follow up.
Please send me a brief description of what ICor does.
Please send me a copy of the memorialized points you created relative to Mr. Stubley's brief training session.
Please send me an email letting me know if you will attend in person or via conference call.
Please send me the Meta ID.
Please send me the NN and TW operating reports from the minutes of the last meeting.
Please send me the Oglethorpe activity in excel for Dec 2000.
Please send me the Ogy invoice for March.
Please send me your resume or call me.
Please send out from you and me.
Please send the CNG stuff to
Please send the sources of our ferc CA analysis to becky cantrell.
Please set the meeting up with Alan, Dan and me.
Please set up a 30 minute meeting with Cathy 36898 and we can go through it and i;ll give you a copy of all info.
Please share with the Birthday Boy.
Please submit all documentation at one time, partial documentation will not be accepted!
Please take a look and let's discuss ASAP (Monday?) so we can get if on file at the CPUC.
Please take a look at these and give me a call.
Please take a minute to update POP and it be back to normal.
Please take some time to read through everything and let us know what you think.
Please update your 2001 budget to incorporate this new iniative.
Please welcome our new partner Sneakpeeq.com
Please, call me at 713 853 3848 on Thursday or Friday.
Please, call me on Monday and we shall set u a conference call.
Please, call-in or attend when the meeting is set.
Please, give me a call Tuesday morning and I shall carve out an hour from my schedule to discuss the paper.
Please, let me know what would be convenient time to meet.
Pls get me to Hou. on the Thur.
Pls talk to Bill lets get something set up here.
Possible for you guys to come up next Wednesday night and we can do a quick clean up on Thursday.
Possible to meet this weekend to discuss the project?
Preferably Tu, W, Th, the week of the 11th.
Prentice ever get back to you regarding logistics about tomorrow nite?
Presentations and discussion: 8:15 - 9:30 a.m.
Presume we'll talk tomorrow re: Cal solution?
Probably wouldn't hurt to log the same call or e:mail in to the rest of the guys on the list.
Promise me you won't tell anyone?
Pursuant to Michelle's request, please review the attached form and provide her with your comments.
Quick, give me a cheap stock that looks promising.
Really looking forward to discussing further.
Rebecca, lets just go forward with HPL on Thursday - Tex Mex, after going through with the deal team, still has some issues to be resolved.
Remember that Karen reads all my mail so don't send anything too personal.
Remember to look at your school schedule so we can book our flights to Kansas.
Remember, you need to keep track of all of this on your 2000 accomplishments for your year end review.
Rick , good result in California so far - what is the status of our plan for New England ICAP issues?
Rick, I need your view on which of these deals need to go through the board:
Rick, are you on this, or should I get on it?
Rick, if your schedule permits, could you participate in the first five-ten minutes of the daily EES call (10 AM CST) to give those folks a brief snapshot of what happened?
Rick, please send me the schedule so I can foward it on to our lead trader in Japan.
Rob, I need your re-submission of the plan document including goals and objective asap so that we can have a final discussion and finalize.
Rob, can you discuss with the other groups to appropriately sort out the corporate opportunity (ie) Laura, Hunter, etc.
Rob, lets discuss.
Rob: How can we get some relief on this issue?
Roger, if EPA has approved other alternate methods for determining sulfur in fuel gas, can you approve of these for our sulfur methods?
SInce there are at least 2 sbeck's here, have you thought about adopting use of your long name address rather than the shorter version to help in further differentiating between us?
SOCO, OPC will be on the bid for Monday.
Sanjeev will come for an informal interview on Friday.
Saturday January 19, 2002 2:00pm 680 Park Avenue (corner 68th St.) Tel.
Saturday is good.
Saturday, March 25 works for me.
Scott, please get personally involved in selecting a Punder lawyer that will take his place in meetings with customers and regulators.
Scott, when would you like to go over the CNG scoop?
Scott, you need to make your own call on that one - I think you could add value in either.
See me to make sure I wrote it in properly
See what you think when you get a second.
See you Monday!
See you Sunday.
See you on Friday, April the 27th.
See you on Monday.
Send me the name of that book on flyfishing in the Hills--I want to see if I can get it on Amazon.
Send me your e-mail address at home.
Send me your number and I'll give you a call.
Sent you a project proposal last Thursday on behalf of Dasovich, Guinney, Sama and Vavrek and just wanted to make sure that you received it.
Set a reminder for Thursday, November 28, 9:00 AM CST!
Shall we meet at your house or mine and at what time?
Shall we try to get the Enron groups together to discuss the approach we want to take with GE in our next phone call?
Shawn, go ahead and give Dave a call to discuss strategy, resources and approach.
Shawn, just a little buried - why don't you come by on Monday.
She put together a little something - if you can use it fine, if not, that's fine too.
She was also wondering about details of dinner - said in the last meeting it had been discussed to possibly do a western theme - with jeans (?).
She's up for golf, so expect us Saturday night.
Sheila says you won't be here quite that soon, but it would be very helpful if you could join us once you get here.
Shelly, we can do that but check with Cindy when she returns next week.
Should I send the other info.
Should legal counsel be in attendance?
Should we call your room or meet you somewhere?
Should we compare notes (via email) on questions 3&4 by tomorrow (Sunday) before lunch?
Should we make arrangements for lunch?
Should you not be able to call me, then I will send you a short memorandum about the situation on Monday.
Since CMA is going to ask for clarification, I would suggest that we remain silent and focus on the other rate design/cost allocation issues, e.g., equity, no cross subsidies.
Since I get everything that you forward, you may remove me from you distribution list.
Since the deadline for this application is tomorrow, and I have yet to receive this e-mail, I would appreciate you contacting me by phone in order to verify my inclusion.
Since we are both big rich types you want to go to dinner tonight?
So I can get an update on that when we talk tomorrow.
So I can't make this meeting.
So get back to me with your schedule.
So let me know after you get the required info from the schools.
So please take the lead in proposing changes for the legal team and propose the changes to me so we can get it done.
So we need to meet or I need more info from you to get a good idea of exactly what you want.
So where are you kayaking this weekend?
So, I need you to get the following information for Lone Star, Williams, and Apache:
So, why don't you check with Gas Control to see if they know why vol was delivered on that day.
Southwest Airlines e-mail update for August 21, 2001
Specifically, we are looking for names and addresses of the following:
Starting tonight, will you add NGW to the monthly bidweek email and index postings.
Steve: Let me know if you'd like to discuss.
Take a look at the file and then we can discuss how to combine this with current pipeline capacity and future expansions.
Taking a break from my sabbatical tomorrow at 7:30 to interview @guygavrielkay onstage at St Ann's Academy.
Taking place on Friday the 15th.
Talk to Susan about joining the group.
Talk to you on the 8:30 call tomorrow.
Talk to you on the call tomorrow.
Talk with you tonight.
Tammy, are you getting all these reports?
Tammy, are you getting copies of all these reports for the book?
Tell Beverly or Kay to make time for next week if Mr Forster can make it.
Tell Dan that a glacier moves forward, not backward.
Thanks Bill--see my other email.
Thanks a lot and I look forward to seeing you guys on Wednesday.
Thanks, please work with Travis as I asked to take the lead on developing the conference.
Thanx John, I look forward to seeing you at the Doubletree for dinner on the night of the September 3. Let me know your traveling plans
That said, that may not be important for you and you won't mind sending me dollars.
That sounds nice but if we continue to make programs for M.O.P., I would like to use the short ones.
The Tuesday game's at 7:30, but thought it'd be nice to see an early game.
The closing dinner for the big financing will be on Feb. 8.
The cost of materials includes the bridge, should I order redwood for the deck amd have it delivered?
The deadline for completion of Houston's bid to become home to USA Baseball is the end of September, so we would like to meet with you at your convenience by September 25, if at all possible.
The event will be in April; of course depending on her schedule this can change, but we have reserved the Snowmass Conference Center for the 19th.
The following title is scheduled for removal on Wednesday, August 28th.
The news from India continues to be grim and I have several things that I want to discuss with you.
The online team has scheduled a new employee training for tomorrow and at 10:30 am Tom Moran and I are going to give a presentation on online approval procedures.
The rates on the attached spreadsheet would provide full cost recovery only after the project is fully subscribed, right?
The tentative plan is that we can go to dinner together on 10/31.
The three of us probably need to get together and discuss tactics around a number of issues.
Then, as quickly as possible, I'd like to have a meeting to discuss and finalize the proposal.
Then, maybe we can get together and discuss other changes we need to make.
There are four of us that are not playing tomorrow?
There are plenty of options, but which product will you get?
There has been a change in plans, the dinner is now going to be held at Pastor Beth's.
Therefore, please prepare a list of site specific issues for that document as well.
Think about items like that and lets discuss.
This e-mail is to follow up our conversation Friday, June1st regarding a sponsorship for the National Bar Association Convention to be held in Dallas July 28 - August 4, 2001.
This is a discussion topic that I want your input on for next year.
This will close at midnight tonight.
Thursday sounds great and just let me know about Friday.
Thursday, usual time?
To register for this event, please reply to this email including your Name, Title, Company, Address, and Telephone Number in the body of your message.
To remind me to discuss this with you when you get in:
To-Do: K work at Jeffrey's on Sat., 05/28/2011 from 3:45pm - 10:00pm.
Tomorrow and Wednesday are pretty bad, but Thursday and Friday are wide open.
Toni: give me a call so we can discuss Josh.
Toni: please make the offer to Josh Chapa asap.
Tony--pls cover for us.
Tricia, Please send these to Kristen Clause in the future.
Try it out now on the following example.
Twadna, would you please print and then file Ecogas (not due diligence file) for me.
Twanda, please calendar.
Twanda, please get this on my calendar.
Twanda, please prepare a consulting agreement.
Twanda, would you please check my calendar and book me yes if I am available?
Twanda, would you please make that change and run executables?
Twanda, would you please print this for me?
Twanda, would you please save these to my form directory and print them out for me?
Twanda, would you please set up this meeting for me?
Unfortunately, I need to reschedule.
Unfortunately, Sally is not available on Thursday either - she will be at the Enron Management conference in San Antonio Thursday & Friday.
Unless that is going to create problems, would you mind letting them know that I'm coming.
Vicki: I'll assume that for the meeting tomorrow, you folks will call me at my office number--415.782.7822.
Viggy, did we get the info from our briefing on the matrix to the no-shows like Steve Harris and John Dushinske (and Bob if he was a no show?)
Wake up! Wake up and email me.
Wanna come eat with me?
Wayne can you set up a meeting for the four of us over the next few weeks.
We are going to JasonTidwell's wededding in Galveston Saturday - it starts at 6 p.m.
We are going to meet with the specialist next week.
We are going to the Astro's game tonight, so it would be very easy for one of us (probably Neil) to pick Michael up at your place, probably after 630.
We are hoping that your schedule will be open between the days of Tues.
We are meeting with Mark on Wednesday to try and figure out the approval process for Australia, so maybe after Wednesday I'll start responding for them.
We are ok for 8:15 on Sunday
We are packing up PaPa's stuff on Saturday if you want to come by and hang out.
We are supposed to meet every Friday at 8:00 a.m.
We are supposed to try to have the break out contract by April 11, and I think the consents and stuff that same week.
We can ask Ed on Wednesday.
We can continue individual meetings in the afternoon.
We can discuss further on Tuesday.
We can discuss further when I'm in Houston tomorrow and Friday.
We can discuss what you see as the most efficient path forward, and any additions, etc, you think are necessary.
We can discuss when I'm in later this week.
We can go out of town - i would love to get away - have you heard about the hilton in Austin?
We can meet at my meager apartment if you like.
We can meet at my office if you'd like, or at a cafe.
We can offer the seminar / discussion session on Monday, December 18, at 3:30.
We can start discussions with the targets in a few days.
We can talk more tonite about our somewhat loose but thus far effective means for getting these things done every week.
We can try this week if you're available.
We could discuss that and other suggestions at the meeting on Sunday.
We do normally have a very full agenda but if you'll leave me your information, I'll try to stop and say hello.
We do not have recorded in the financial statements the $8M Cdn in done deals - you may want to look into that.
We either need to have someone riding herd on Tozzini on this (I thought it was Jose) or I need to go to SP and make this happen.
We have already scheduled an internal presentation on December 7. Please, go ahead and make a reservation.
We have dinner reservations for Saturday at 7:30.
We have dinner reservations for Tuesday the 24th at 7:30 pm.
We have invited the team to dinner Thursday, 7:00 p.m. Would you loike to join us?
We have our staff meetings the 1st and 3rd Wednesday at 130. I missed the last one, so I should make it to this one.
We look forward to speaking with you in more detail about the ways we could potentially work together.
We need to discuss the Federal Power Act and checking the box.
We need to make sure that this kind of communication conitinues to flow downstream.
We need to reach resolution on some issues.
We need to send a check to the agency to cover ourselves prior to the April 30 deadline.
We need to turn in the final inventory list, get things resolved with Mary (be it good or bad) then we can buy Don out.
We shall be very glad to join you to celebrate the holidays.
We shall call you to schedule a meeting to review the product.
We shall hold an internal follow-up meeting next Monday to review potential projects on which we could cooperate in the future.
We shall try to arrange a video conference with Houston when Howard is back.
We shoudl discuss putting together an automated sheet each day for cash trading.
We should also get back to the cash strategy of the desk each morning.
We should definitely set up a time to grab dinner, coffee, anything - i would really love that.
We should discuss further, though; very interesting idea.
We should discuss the continued use of Bill Ogden for non-compete litigation.
We should try to talk tomorrow or Friday.
We want to have an internal conference call at 330 (instato discuss the enovate intercompany loans, and address any issues raised by the Enron commercial/financial team.
We wil l deliver to your office tomorrow specific legislative language and existing 20 bills that we believe can accommodate our proposals.
We will be sure to get this informaiton to you by Friday of this week, so that you can provide Mark with a copy when he is in the London office on Monday.
We will discuss in 2001.
We will discuss this next week when he comes to town.
We will have to meet up somewhere.
We will have to pay and get out to our hole, so give yourself some time if you want to hit a few before we tee off.
We will meet in Herman's office on 33.
We will need a follow up call anyway, once we know what to do to meet the accting objectives.
We will need to discuss how to adjust physical risk to match the flow constraints on EPNG.
We would also like to invite this person to an informal dinner on the previous evening, Monday 5 November at 19.30, at the Hotel Beau-Rivage in Geneva (13 quai du Mont-Blanc, 1201 Geneva, Tel.
We would like to get in touch with you.
We would like to have the conference call at 200 CST on Sunday.
We would like to invite you back to continue.
We would like you and a guest to join us for the 3rd and 4th rounds of the Tour Championship on Saturday and Sunday.
We would like, however, to move the meeting to 2 p.m. Tuesday.
We would probably need the ESA 2001 budget (income, expense, cashflow and capital) for the trading/marketing/EES business and the asset/regulated business in seperate formats.
We would very much like to speak to you regarding your planned role in Netco and the direction you think the company will take.
We'll be setting up a call in number first thing Monday morning.
We'll discuss again when I am over next week.
We'll have to allow extra time next Monday for a double de-brief.
We'll need to discuss tomorrow on the call what position, if any, we (Enron) takes vis-a-vis New Power's attempts to get default provider.
We'll need to update the numbers for the offer we made to S.D. last week.
We'll see you tomorrow.
We're going - want to join us?
We're going to have a Legal happy hour tomorrow at the Blue Agave, and it would be no party without you there.
Wednesday works next week.
Wednesday, August 2nd, change to Continental flight no.
Wednesday, Dec. 13th would work best for me.
Week after next would be best for lunch.
Were you able to trace the package?
Wes, I assume that you will be putting together a final 2000 i/s package for me in the next couple of days.
Wes, I believe that we don't have any issues recognizing the value from this transaction - please confirm.
Wes, please have the detailed HPL numbers available to discuss on Monday.
What about getting together next week for a movie and/or dinner?
What about lunch tomorrow (we're all in the city), or at 5 PM (before the ball game)?
What do you hear from Ben? Anthony called me last week, just to chat.
What do you say about that?
What do you want to do about lunch tomorrow?
What do you want to do about this?
What is the address of the HR website where I can see my old pay stubs?
What is the rule for guests on the weekend?
What is the status of your looking at the LNG contract issues?
What is the word on golf this weekend?
What is your address??
What is your hotmail nickname?
What is your parents address?
What time are you arriving on Friday?
What time do you get home from school.
What time is dinner by the way.
What will you be focused on?
What would you change about the Senate bill?
What's a dealerboard.
When are we going to start practicing for the A&M/UT FF Tourney - we need to get a team together and start practicing.
When do you think we will be able to get the Sitara number entered in the Link field in Tagg?
When do you think you'll have more specifics on timing and the exact people we will be meeting with (can you send along their titles also).
When do you want to discuss this (or have us discuss it with the right B & P person)?
When done, please forward back to me for distribution.
When this is complete, I'd like to send to the larger distribution list.
When we get together I would like to sit down and go through a number of organizational re-alignments and what we may want to do on the regulatory front to support those businesses.
When would you like to talk re: Mr. Bray?
When you get a chance would you redraft the CES invoice and call me?
When you get a chance, please page me at 888.916.7184.
When you get a minute I need to discuss the last attachment for the Co Op term sheet (the asset management one).
When you get a minute I would like to catch you up on these issues.
When you get a minute tomorrow page me (I'm mobile this week) and we can talk.
When you get back, give a call and we can meet at break or have lunch or a beer after work or something.
When you get to the Enron Building, please ask for me or my assistant, Twanda Sweet, and one of us will take you to the conference room.
When you have time please send me Chaz's too!
Where did y'all meet?
Where did you get yours?
Where do you want to go?
Where is my free lunch and my New Power golf shirt?
While it is fresh on my mind -- it would be great if you could capture the following information before our meeting:
Who can I start sending all these pricing questions to?
Who can join me for this meeting?
Who do you want to come to PP?s b-day dinner?
Who makes the ornaments that you like so much?
Who would you recommend as filling that director position?
Why don't you check with me in April or May to see whether we are hiring summer associates.
Why don't you just pick a restaurant and I'll meet you there.
Why won't they let you go to the Corp. conference?
Will Enron cover the cost of having those returns prepared?
Will it be possible for you to be here to support the accountants until 5pm?
Will you be able to make it to the game tonight?
Will you guys forward this message to Danise for me.
Will you or someone on your team rewrite as necessary?
Will you please get me access to manage the SJ physical product?
Will you send a note to folks regarding the GA meeting here in SF next Thursday?
Will you take a moment to answer a few questions?
Will you two please get this info to Dutch.
With Sue coming back on Tuesday, and in the spirt of our gropes, it might be useful to discuss as a group prior to charging ahead.
With a small group, your talk can be informal and you do not need to prepare slides (unless you would like to do so).
With all that has transpired in the last several weeks, I know that you must be incredibly busy; but if you can work it in, John Kelley and I would like to meet with you for about 30-40 minutes to give you an update on two initiatives, listed below, aimed at getting the 2012 Olympics to Houston.
With respect to that rush Guaranty for the referenced counterparty you so kindly got me on Monday, per our conversation, we will need an incumbency certificate for that guaranty as well.
With the Viviance thing, you may prefer to defer the start of this until a little more certainty is on the horizon.
Works for me, but I have class on Thursday and will have to leave at 5 PM.
Would be ideal if we can get this data on Thursday.
Would be useful to get a copy.
Would definitely like to gather (phone call or something) prior to the meeting so we (me, you, Rick, Richard) are clear on what our goals are for the meeting and what the agenda needs to look like.
Would love to have you two join, but worry not if you've got conflicts.
Would you be willing join us?
Would you check on the status of meter request 02325 and let me know where it stands?
Would you like me to fax to you, or bring copies to tomorrow's meeting?
Would you like to meet them for a short courtesy meeting (5 - 10 minutes)?
Would you like to schedule a time to discuss this with me and outside counsel?
Would you make sure none of that goofy financial stuff is impacted please?
Would you mind call Jerry Jerry BoBerry and see what he will tell you is the substance of their issues, and share with him our issues.
Would you mind if I forward it to some other folks in corporate legal who might be interested (i.e., my counterparts)?
Would you please include my name on all future e-mails.
Would you please juggle the rest of my calendar to accommodate this?
Would you please write a description on how Consumers Energy works on the billing for title transfers?
Would you rather do lunch tomorrow?
Would you send me the purchases?
Wus up!! Just wondering if you give me directions from BWI to our accomidations on the base??
Yes, it's for finance, though you're welcome to join---we can use all the help that we can get.
Yes, lets continue to have the pre-meetings formerly known as Mike's every Mon. at 8:30 (pls put on my calendar Emily).
Yes, please forward along.
You and Eldon want to stay at my apartment on Sunday night?
You available for a quick call?
You available to talk today?
You by chance know where the review is tomorrow?
You can also check with Volume Management to see if they have any info regarding the allocation of the point.
You can come by whenever you want to get the check.
You coming diving with me and Shea tomorrow?
You don't need to do this right away, when you get a chance go into Unify for Feb and show an actual volume of 0 for the 25th - 28th and a volume of 991014 for the 28th.
You going to brief me tonite on tomorrow's meeting?
You have some time to sit and discuss a bit?
You may need to check with Mary or Trisha on transport capacity tickets for Dec forward.
You might at least put a contact name and number on these things if you are going to continue to send these out before the system is fixed.
You might give me a heads up if there's anything on one of the upcoming Wednesday calls that you'd like me to comment on.
You might tell Mike that we can provide the two of them with desk space as well, but that we will reserve the spot with the computer and phone for Mike.
You need to discuss this with the East Desk.
You need to get your Visa issues worked out quickly - Kay can help.
You need to look a a calendar to see when you can come up here.
You should e mail her sometimes.
You should however consider the Section 529 plans that I believe we have discussed previously.
You want to join?
You want to try to have lunch?
You will still need to coordinate with the contract group in getting the correct contract in place for the deal.
You're welcome to join.
and give me a call today!
